hey guys so I thought I'd do something a
little bit different today so I'm going
to do the five minute makeup challenge
so if you don't know what that is you
basically have to attempt to complete
your full makeup routine in five minutes
or less now I normally like to take a
bit of time with my makeup so I'm not
sure how this is going to go but I have
my phone here with the little timer and
so I'm just going to get ready okay i'll
tell you when i click start hey okay it
started oh my gosh I don't think I can
do this oh this is bushwa healthy mix
foundation defendants wondering
so this lighting is a bit weird it's
making me look powerful there's a me
right there in case you're wondering
this is even as quick I'm Matt oh my
gosh I can't talk and do this at the
same time gosh my hands are like shaking
thing with my makeup routine is really
natural that has like a lot of steps and
this is kind of hard oh my gosh wow that
was naked lunch by Magnus's like Twitter
oh my gosh I'm like scatterbrained this
is pearl cream color base this is
bourjois healthy mix healthy mix um the
way I shadow huh you know i'm not even
using a me it's really hard oh my gosh
uh 100 I've left Oh rest time oh okay um
okay i'm doing my eyeliner I'm not sure
I can do this in front of the computer
this
this is the Maybelline gel eyeliner oh
no I hate the hundred time pressure oh
wow this is really stressing me out Hey
okay I can do this
hey oh oh my gosh have two minutes
remaining sorry i can't tell you at the
products I because I'm I checked out if
your stress person don't attempt this
this is not good oh my gosh please I
didn't have become a so i'll do is pass
that hurt okay oh I can open my mascara
okay oh my gosh women no meaning that i
was putting on mascara
I'm going to stop myself and I oh my god
okay oh oh my god they're 20 seconds
blush bronzer how much time second oh
that's it I'm finish oh my gosh I can't
believe I did that okay I did my makeup
routine oh I'm knocked the camera sorry
i did my me oh it went away okay you
believe me that was five minutes okay I
can't believe I did that so okay I
challenge all of each do this oh that
would be I think that'd be really funny
if you liked left me a video response
with like you trying to attempt this
because I was like the most stressful
thing I've ever done in my life um
that's really smudge but that doesn't
look half bad so um yeah I'm really
proud of myself I didn't know I could do
that so yeah thank you for watching
definitely try this as I was really fun
or fractional I was really stressful but
yeah please try and s and leave me the
response and I will definitely watch it
and yeah so I'll see you in my next
video bye